the opinions expressed in this video are
solely those about test comm and its
chief operating officer hi Christopher
Hughes for boat test comm and today
we're you conduct a full testing review
of the bennington 2575 qcw the design of
Bennington's 2575 QC WS retro styling in
the bow is a refreshing change from
normal vertical pontoon boat fencing
that pretty much all looks alike there
is no denying that Bennington strives to
meet high expectations of luxury and
quality in every aspect from material
choices and features through
construction and performance above all
this is a pontoon boat designed with
practical features needed for the day on
the lake whether for family sports
fishing or evening entertaining we
tested this boat with Evan Rhodes latest
the g2e tech 250 horsepower high output
outboard Bennington's double radius
fiberglass bow structure is placed
behind the extended bow deck this is an
important feature that many pontoon
boats don't have because it provides a
large deck on which to handle lines when
docking and ground tackle when anchoring
I particularly like the massive
stainless steel corner fixtures housing
LED navigation lights and multiple LED
docking lights the secured gate lifts to
open and under the fiberglass cowling
there is storage both port and starboard
we would keep the ground tackle in one
of these compartments which is something
most pontoon boats don't have seating
uses Bennington's soft touch upholstery
with five different density foams within
the seat and backrest for ultimate
comfort flip down arm rests and
removable drink holder dividers are
welcome amenities to keep everyone
comfortable when there's a crowd on
board storage within the seats and
beneath the deck can handle all of the
life vests and water toys needed our
test boat included this unattached
filler seat which moves between the
portside gate and the forward gate this
is an unusual option and we like the
versatility it provides there's a
fold-out changing area hidden in the
back of the seat and it can also be
fitted with an optional portable toilet
2 port is a swivel chair that also has
Bennington's upscale upholstery
folding armrest across the boat to
starboard the helm includes a tilt wheel
and adjustable seat the engine shift
lever is conveniently placed switches
stereo remote gauges and electronics are
mounted in a woodgrain dash the stereo
is mounted within the storage cabinet in
the helm console in order to keep it dry
our test boats optional aluminum and
fabric watersports tower protects the
helm area from sun and rain and includes
a wake to' point aft Bennington included
lighted stereo speakers here as well as
within deck furniture behind the helm
two long wide chaise lounges include arm
rests with drink holders and storage
beneath a secure stainless steel gate
lifts open for access to the stern and
the optional center pontoon fuel tank is
located here as well our test boat
included a freshwater hose the 3-foot
stern deck seems even larger thanks to
Evan roots newly designed g2 250 hol
board which contains all steering gear
neatly within the engine and it doesn't
clutter the transom well this also helps
the Evinrude tilt particularly high out
of the water as much as 81 degrees
stout stainless steel handrails a
boarding via the telescoping swim ladder
oversized cleats are convenient but
won't catch tows and the water sports
Tower bolts securely here Bennington's
high performance deck material won't
hold water like carpet now let's see how
the boat performed during our speed
trials the 2575 qcw has a length overall
of 27 feet 6 inches and a beam of 8 feet
6 inches with a 100% fuel load and four
people on board we had an estimated test
weight of four thousand nine hundred and
twenty eight pounds visibility forward
is excellent even over a crowded boat
thanks to our test boats raised helm
platform we did wish for a bit more
protection from the wind at the helm now
as the acrylic window flexure is quite
low
the 250-horsepower Evinrude e-tec g to
250 h o engine pushed our test boat to a
top speed of 45 point 6 miles per hour
at 5800 50 rpm at that speed fuel burn
topped out at 22 point 3 gallons per
hour best crews came in at 3000 rpm and
sixteen point nine miles per hour with a
fuel burn rate of six point two
thousands per hour which provided us a
range of 123 statute miles while still
holding back at 10% reserve from our
test boats optional fifty point one
gallon extended fuel capacity these fuel
consumption numbers show that the
Evinrude e-tec g2 two-stroke fuel
efficiency is remarkably competitive
with most four strokes on the market the
engine is substantially more quiet than
what we have been experiencing in the
past and we're told that emissions are
lower as well
evarin roots new integrated hydraulic
steering proves smooth and responsive
both while at speed and also during
dockside maneuvering digital shifting
was fluid yet firm and the engine went
into and out of gear smoothly and
quietly dockside handling was both
decisive and predictable thanks in part
to having 250 horsepower at hand and
that's our full tester review of the
Bennington 2575 QC w for boat test comm
I'm Christopher Hughes